---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: WOD Browser History 1,2 & 3
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2019-10-04
labels:
  
---

  When I first started browser history 1 it wasn't too bad, I understood mostof the required steps and knew how
to title things, make sections and makeing headrs and paragraphs. What I got confused with Browser History 1
the most was linking the sites and especially the list for the table of contents, to figure out how to do it, 
I just stopped the timer and looked up the steps on how to do it and started over, after I looked it up and 
practiced with it for a little I got over the part that I was stuck on and got it fixed and was able to finish 
it within Av time limit.

  For the Browser History 2 I kind of had trouble right off the bat, I understood how to change the font, but 
 didn't know how to execute it proplery with forming the family and evreything. I looked it up on google on how 
 to make an Oswald font and copied ad pasted the code from it. I also had a hard time trying to figure out how to
 change the font of the non-heading text and I wanted to play around with it instead of keep looking it up so
 at that point I stopped the timer to figure things out. After playing with it I understood it more and was able
 to finish that part faster and the part that had me confused the most was having the image be inline with the text,
 I looked up different ways to do it but it never came out the same way as how it was suppose to be and took me a while
 to fix it. 
 
  Lastly, for Browser History 3, I had easy time with most of all the steps but the hardest part for me was putting the 
  contents in a header. I had to mess around with it again and look up ways to do it, but couldn't figure it out still,
  but I ended up watching the screencast and it helped me figure it out.
  
  My advice for the WOD's would be to first look it up on your own, this way youo gain the expirence first hand instead
  of copying someones elses work. If after that you are still not able to get it down watch the screencast, that way 
  you have a groundbase to work on after you tried to learn it on your own.
